# Installing and configuring coturn

## Check the name and version of the operating system

```
# cat /etc/os-release

NAME="CentOS Linux"
VERSION="8"
ID="centos"
ID_LIKE="rhel fedora"
VERSION_ID="8"
PLATFORM_ID="platform:el8"
PRETTY_NAME="CentOS Linux 8"
ANSI_COLOR="0;31"
CPE_NAME="cpe:/o:centos:centos:8"
HOME_URL="https://centos.org/"
BUG_REPORT_URL="https://bugs.centos.org/"
CENTOS_MANTISBT_PROJECT="CentOS-8"
CENTOS_MANTISBT_PROJECT_VERSION="8"
```

## Install/update firewall

```
# yum install firewalld
# systemctl start firewalld
# systemctl enable firewalld
# systemctl status firewalld
# vim /etc/firewalld/firewalld.conf 
and set AllowZoneDrifting=no

# firewall-cmd --permanent --zone=public --add-service=https --add-service=http
# firewall-cmd --add-port=3478/tcp --permanent
# firewall-cmd --add-port=3478/udp --permanent
# firewall-cmd --add-port=5349/tcp --permanent
# firewall-cmd --reload
```

## Install Certbot

```
# yum install https://dl.fedoraproject.org/pub/epel/epel-release-latest-8.noarch.rpm
# dnf install certbot python3-certbot-nginx
# certbot certonly 
```
generate keys for: turn.engos.live stun.engos.live

## Prepare domains

turn.domain_name
stun.domain_name

## Install coturn

```
# yum install coturn

================================================================================================
                     Package           Architecture      Version         Repository    Size
================================================================================================
Installing:          coturn            x86_64            4.5.2-1.el8     epel          269 k
...
and dependencies...

```

Stop coturn after installation:

```
# systemctl stop coturn
```

To start later or check the status of the service use the following commands:

```
# systemctl start coturn
# systemctl status coturn
```

Configuration file can be found here:

```
/etc/coturn/turnserver.con
```

Make a copy of the configuration file:

```
# cp /etc/coturn/turnserver.conf /etc/coturn/turnserver.conf.original
```

## Configure coturn

Uncomment the UDP and TCP listening port:

`listening-port=3478`

Uncomment the secured TCP port:

`tls-listening-port=5349`

Uncomment to use fingerprints in the TURN messages.
By default the fingerprints are off.

`fingerprint`

Uncomment to use long-term credential mechanism.
By default no credentials mechanism is used (any user allowed).

`lt-cred-mech`

Server name used for the oAuth authentication purposes.
The default value is the realm name.

`server-name=turn.domain_name`

The default realm to be used for the users when no explicit
origin/realm relationship is found in the database, or if the TURN
server is not using any database (just the commands-line settings
and the userdb file). Must be used with long-term credentials
mechanism or with TURN REST API.
 Note: If the default realm is not specified, then realm falls back to the host domain name.
       If the domain name string is empty, or set to '(None)', then it is initialized as an empty string.

`realm=turn.domain_name`

'Static' user accounts for the long term credentials mechanism, only.
This option cannot be used with TURN REST API.
'Static' user accounts are NOT dynamically checked by the turnserver process,
so they can NOT be changed while the turnserver is running.

`user=user:password`

Total allocation quota.
default value is 0 (no quota).
This option can also be set through the database, for a particular realm.

`total-quota=100`


Uncomment if extra security is desired,
with nonce value having a limited lifetime.
The nonce value is unique for a session.
Set this option to limit the nonce lifetime.
Set it to 0 for unlimited lifetime.
It defaults to 600 secs (10 min) if no value is provided. After that delay,
the client will get 438 error and will have to re-authenticate itself.

`stale-nonce=600`

Certificate file.
Use an absolute path or path relative to the
configuration file.
Use PEM file format.

`cert=/etc/letsencrypt/live/turn.domain_name/cert.pem`

Private key file.
Use an absolute path or path relative to the
configuration file.
Use PEM file format.

`pkey=/etc/letsencrypt/live/turn.domain_name/pkey.pem`
